hey everybody welcome back to neuronal
and plays the binding guys get referred
plus uh that we're starting like on the
first room of an Isaac run because I had
this weird glitch with OBS where the
game sound was like literally five to
six seconds behind where it should be in
the video it's been fixed but is
annoying as heck and just another
ongoing troubleshooting saga it never
ends because you know what struggle is
good it keeps you on your toes it keeps
you guessing and you grow that way one
9gn seven nine and three so I was doing
some troubleshooting testing and I just
started this run up there's nothing
special about it except that it's an
Isaac run I guess I will do darkroom
because we do have darkroom stuff to do
as Isaac still at the present moment we
might as well try to knock that out but
at the same time this is also just me
kind of refreshing my enjoyment of me
kind of refreshing my enjoyment of Isaac
in advance of diving into the afterbirth
Plus challenges and then we'll probably
do some more refresh runs and then we'll
go back and redo all the challenges that
we've unfortunately failed and/or
succeeded on poorly that's not really
the same meaning I was trying to think
of a way to sugarcoat it no sweetie you
didn't fail the challenge you just
didn't fit society's conventional
definition of success you know my
generation takes a live crap by the way
we we Millennials 50 year olds talking
about us it's the generation they always
had participation trophies oh you came
in the second-last here's a
participation trophy hey I got a ton of
participation trophies when I was doing
sports by the way that wasn't any good
at them but we got the participation
trophies nonetheless was it me as a nine
year old going to the engraver and going
uh excuse me sir could you please print
us up twenty participation trophies that
was your 30 year old butts going there
oh my son and/or daughter can't handle
failures so
we got to make sure that everybody gets
a trophy it wasn't us getting the
trophies it was you getting the trophies
cuz he didn't want to deal with our
emotions okay I pride myself I am very
able to handle failure and I know that
sounds like you know you're like a nail
you get mad when people say potatoes a
starch not a vegetable look all I'm
saying is that starches are vegetable
phylum vegetable is a kingdom in the tax
economical purposes of this I thought it
was worth a shot I did find it real rich
like my parents are pretty good about it
actually I think everybody to assume
that you're gonna get older and not be a
little bit out of touch is unreasonable
cuz I met a touch I'm 28 years old and
I'm I'm out of touch to some extent I'm
out of touch with you know 50 year olds
and I'm out of touch with 15 year olds
like I I don't understand can I get a
one boneless Pizza I just don't I'm
young enough to remember that if
somebody doesn't get your inside jokes
you laugh because that's the point is
that it's not funny you just go he does
he's not familiar with our shared
cultural experience but I also don't
understand what is a second mortgage
like you're taking out a loan on a loan
that you have on an asset that you sort
of own but not really it's very
confusing to me so I'm kind of caught in
the middle here but you know my parents
when they talk about my generation
Millennials they go you know I think you
guys are unique you know you're you're
you're the most overqualified generation
that's ever existed and yet you face you
know unique employment struggles and
stuff like that and I'm like you know
what mom and dad is a very progressive
way to think but they are also sometimes
like you know they they got to take
their own side in the debate to some
extent as well they're like what's going
on with people your age and I'm like mom
I don't know it's I have no idea I don't
even know what's going on with myself
some of the time this wasn't meant to be
like a generational warfare thing
oh no no yeah yeah yeah take the d6 we
can get a lot of value out of this let's
do this whole floor this could be a big
one but Millennials they take crap all
the time dude we're doing some good work
you know
fellow Millennials tough it out we're
we're one of the weirdest generations
probably that's ever existed well at
least in recent memory keep it going
you know keep killing Applebee's if we
can just get through this and have
killed Applebee's and possibly Chili's
look I'm not trying to insult anybody
who likes these restaurants it's not my
cup of tea then I think that we will
have succeeded as a generation great
granddad bought kaiser wilhelm ii
granddad you know went over to europe
struck down the tenants of national
socialism
we're gonna take down Applebee's and
maybe that's good enough
no offense Applebee's are you running
ads in front of this video eat at
Applebee's unlimited Appy hour what
could you like more than that so we're
definitely closing in on getting all
these books I think we've already gotten
I'm I ate and again as I always say at
this point I've told this story before
I've never eaten at an Applebee's so I
shouldn't insult them I have eaten at a
Chili's I hated it and they'd it was a
Chili's in an airport in the United
States and they had the nutritional
information printed on the menu which
was the worst because the food was not
only bad tasting but also like I was
like this is not taste good enough to be
this bad for me something that you guys
messed up the formula some it should be
like the most delicious food ever made
1300 calories for this
I don't think so anyway but I have eaten
at at TGI Fridays it was in Osaka Japan
and don't even get started with me cuz
everybody kill you we know you were in
Japan and you waited at TGI Fridays we
were in Japan for two
weeks we ate like one fast food meal and
my wife wanted to go to TGI Fridays okay
I'm sorry that's real live we have the
same thing that you no good second the
last time we were in Japan we ate at
McDonald's once and I ordered a weird
shrimp burger people why would you go to
Japan just even McDonald's you guys you
got a weird idea in your head
if island did you pan I would eat every
meal at the restaurant from jiro Dreams
of Sushi it would literally be like
thirty thousand dollars you're losing
your freakin minds here you know many
times I eat good Japanese for penny way
I ate at TGI Fridays in Osaka Japan it
was not that good and the meal for two
at the end of it came to like eighty
five dollars and now it's like
something's the value proposition is
gone wrong here somewhere I don't her to
stay in fast casual what are you doing
maybe it was because it was overseas you
know I don't know they pay an extra cuz
TGI Fridays is foreign food yo this is
very good run baby Jude is a shadow nine
lives we can't get any more rerolls yeah
we can't get any more rerolls so you
might as well go back and take Eva's
bird foot or dead bird whatever the heck
it is I don't pay attention to items
that don't respect me we won't be
getting any more rerolls so the best
thing we could do the thing that gives
us any chance I should say is to use two
of diamonds and then maybe go for like
the world's luckiest reroll but now I
was we did it but it was kind of a whiff
either way we're in a great spot here if
we wanted to we could become dark Judas
it's kind of not in the cards for me
just yet we do have stuff to do his eyes
again it's a fun run so it's open
there's some other stuff Millennials can
kill
like car insurance I think I might be an
idiot because I don't understand
the insurance industry and I'm by the
way I'm not saying this is the way it
should be
I'm just asking for an explanation cuz
whenever I there's like a I think the
Internet has a problem of discourse
sometimes and you're gonna be like ooh
wheels say if I I firmly believe in the
idea that there's no stupid questions
because you know stupid questions are an
important part of advancing as a person
and as a species you know it's the same
as like you know that's that's why you
do pair programming is so you know you
go to your buddy and you go hey what is
in this code working and then he goes a
stupid idiot you put your string literal
in single quotation marks instead of
doubles and you go I should have known
better but thank you for helping me
improve nonetheless how is car insurance
mandatory I own I I have never gone
without having car insurance because you
know you got to get this sticker to put
on your license plate hood you know you
get pulled over but I don't understand
why it's a necessity to have it nobody
forces you to have life insurance nobody
forces you to have health insurance
although I mean I guess in Canada they
do but yeah it's kind of a different
topic for a different day but car
insurance for whatever reason is is
different everybody has to have car
insurance is it because we as human
beings are bad drivers we're better at
living than we are at driving I don't
know this is I I admit there's probably
a really really good reason for it
but every time I something like that
online people just go oh lo look at this
idiot do they go not like this they use
various twitch emotes designed to you
know shut down discourse instead of just
offering a simple explanation I'd be
eager to know and you know what I think
the comments of the YouTube video about
the binding of issac afterbirth plus are
probably the right place to find out
teach me you know nobody you know they
don't say jack-of-all-trades or master
of all trades they say jack of all
trades master of none
I'm a master of certain trade it's
probably not many but I do put my string
literals in double quotation marks and
that's the important part this is our
turning point radio not that the run was
bad it was actually very fine but if you
know what I mean
but it's much much better now especially
cuz we already got our HP back and good
lord look at that that's another little
bit of HP for us there give me a little
bit more HP baby
a good like insurance in general I don't
fully understand I guess I should talk
to a Roomba about her a room but why do
you need car insurance what if I just
got in an accident and I couldn't pay
the damages so they just threw me in
jail or what if I just didn't get it in
an accident you might think that's
ridiculous but what's the difference
between that and like non-mandatory
health insurance what if I just don't
get sick well then you just die and it
has no consequences on anybody but
yourself because of the way that we view
our contribution to society
oh okay oh really reductive right now
hey you know fair that's a fair
acquiescence as long as we keep the
eternal heart in like half a spirit
heart alive here I'm fine with this
who's our reroll potentially to get
something good from this room because
Aquarius is just okay we'll save
temperance for the next floor for
multitudes of reasons is not the way
that expression goes but we'll save it
for the next floor because we'll have
more HP predominantly plus we don't want
to lose our eternal heart in case you
haven't noticed so pretty important
element there
I don't have anything else I thought I
would have more on this you know
industries Millennials could kill bit
but I feel like weird I'm trying to keep
it in balance here yeah I'll take that
low resort well I got it confused again
it's not mom's eyeshadow it's mom's you
know mascara sorry two different things
apparently that's another thing
Millennials could kill you know what I
would like to see Millennials kill the
lotion industry I don't get it I you I
I'm being real with you I watch TV these
ads come on is Jennifer Aniston she's
using this you know oil of olay facial
cream don't no jokes please
this is a christian stream and she says
you know dermatologically proven to make
you look five years younger after using
for three weeks or less but but really
though I don't know I feel like we need
to do like a double-blind scientific
study like find me somebody you'll find
me like a hundred people who have never
used lotion in their life now we don't
need it
and a hundred people who have used
lotion prodigiously and then put them in
it like an a/b test with people who
don't know who's who and say you know
which one uses lotion which one doesn't
because I would like to know I would
like to know if this whole lotion thing
works out or if it's all a scam
by the way don't be a mr. know-it-all
Chad don't go and chat Oh you know it
does help but only a little bit I want
to see data I want to see the New
England Journal of Medicine talking
about it okay I don't want to see a dude
with a spongebob squarepants avatar
telling me oh you idiot you don't even
know what the oil of olay is one of the
most dermatologically email seed like I
need that doesn't mean you're not a
scientist just put on your lab coat when
you tell it to me that's all I'm saying
thank God we didn't die on that one I
was a little scared I was petrified the
Viggen Emma's was delivered where'd you
buy anything help me I don't know what
swallowed like part of my own esophagus
there I'm still using our orbital you
know why I'm using the orbital civil
disobedience maybe you've heard of it I
don't respect that the game forces me
into situations where I have no damage
upgrades three floors into the game four
floors into the game so what do I do I
use Cuba meat and I'm gonna keep doing
it until we face some real consequences
for our actions I mean we don't need to
do boss rush we're just supposed to go
dark room which I should continually
remind myself hey you got to go dark
room so make sure you actually would be
algae's but ierra is also obviously
amazing if the right circumstances align
themselves no this is a bad time to get
this room
slow it down we lived we must have had
another spirit are backing us up life's
good we have nine lives anyway but still
rather not throw our 2hp life away for
no reason we've had so many runs like
not just recently like this week but
recently like this year we've had so
many runs where there's just like no
damage to go around you know we're on
like war rations for damage or something
like that
so it's always damage that comes with a
catch to it you know hey here's a damage
upgrade but oh it makes your pinky toe
turn blue and fall off well here's a
tear delayed increase except it's not
actually unless you fulfilled
you know the 1818 part quest line to
make it happen yeah I don't know what
I'm talking about let's be realistic
okay um pokey Mans is pretty good okay
go wait the challenge is pokey man's
that's right
portable slot is not but it is a seven
cent item so I think it's worth buying
just to get a pedestal that we can then
reroll and then we should have used a
bomb for that boomerang embarrassing we
do have another battery charge we should
go for because the battery charge is
effectively a free item right now but I
do the Tara waffles but I do find myself
annoyed a little bit just get a champion
belt that's it that's all you need to do
mister me okay mister me is an item that
is mister me six but skirting copyright
infringement by calling it mister me
this item allows us to steal items now
that I think about and that's kind of
the main draw right you steal sharp
items you steal deals with the devil
so what we should do I only want to
reroll the jar so we should do it like
this I don't want any of those they're
not good enough
sure I'll steal there's options assuming
you'll allow me nevermind okay I only
want to steal with you would you it's
okay no don't even sweat it you know I'm
sorry I even asked here's my
participation trophy Oh careful please
it's the 3.5 damaged and actually slower
rate of fire is a new low for me as far
as I'm concerned I thank God for these
orbitals I really do I just wished that
you know they could hook me up with a
little bit of real damage instead of
forcing me to go the whole orbital route
every time no I don't I'm happy they
give me the orbitals cuz I like using
the orbitals to deal damage it's fun
okay it's dynamic it's like how girls
like the bad boys you want the good
damage but you need the bad Cuba me
could you thank you could you thank you
as well for popping over down here if
you could just die before I actually
have to land a shot on you that would be
perfect because my tears are basically
just worth nothing right now but hey we
are getting close to spun and spun can
turn this whole run around like a top
speed is out of control why is our speed
out of control
I mean I know we just got a speed
upgrade
I'm just is this speed upgrade of this
magnitude or were we maybe we got pills
before just seems like we're like much
faster than I would normally expect to
be given the circumstances
what are we gonna use mister me for we
don't want permanent polaroid
invincibility because we want the
negative so it potentially could be wise
for us I never heard that
like drum beat before it's like Phil
Collins in the air tonight that'd be one
heck of a weather alert 90% of Phil
Collins in the air tonight oh we took it
tears down pill that's what happened to
us earlier again thank God for this
orbital apparently okay we got to stop
walking into enemies but I feel like
we're like a broken record at this point
hey how about I'll stop walking into
enemies accidentally when the game gives
me enough damage to justify me standing
apart from them instead of walking into
them go ahead big plays especially with
mr. musics sorry mr. mee it's a totally
different that we came up with this idea
ourselves it's a very original thing
stop stop it
either way we have taken a deal with the
devil
so we I would like it if you could can
you that one you got all right I don't
know what the criteria is but I'm a
happy man okay so I squandered infamy
there and that one's entirely my own
fault is there anything else in here we
might like to steal I mean you might
like to steal the spirit heart but I'm
just gonna buy it because we could be
coming up close to our deal with the
devil although there is a battery charge
back there mostly it's more of like a
laziness thing to forgo future
backtracking I was an ace of spades I
believe you can also use mr. me to deal
damage but it's not very good at it kind
of like me right now hive mind rod and
baby is a big help and it's a one
long-range manner to deal damage which
is very nice we kind of run and dry on
those lately
infestation right okay we have I forgot
forgot that we don't have the d6 so I
tried to reroll and instead I stole an
item that was free so the joke's on me
it doesn't matter we have goat head just
don't murder me and I'll be contented
any damage you want to give me is fine
as long as there's a guppy at the end of
the the railroad here rainbow somewhere
over the railroad train tracks wine
locomotives all right here why then oh
why can't
I the song about a dude who wants to be
a train typical millennial am i right
yes we're gonna get a second level Cuba
meet if we want to we could stick with
the first level but actually I think
that's just being petty I would prefer
to have gotten a chance at it if for an
item but I think it's better to get a
second level Cuba meet still fulfills
its role as an orbital it's not like we
gain anything for skipping it I knew it
at least it's the the good passive you
want the bad hectic but you need waiting
you want the good active but you need
the bad passive yeah I'm calling the
game of Thrones line it's a landmark in
television cinema entertainment I
actually like do not care if I lose this
life bring me back is dark Judas okay
give me the HP and free my soul I want
to get lost in the rock and roll and do
rift away going from two HP to 1 HP
means nothing to me because I'm still
gonna continue to just run into these
enemies not because I'm just impatient
by the way the reason I like this game
is cuz you don't end up having so many
rooms most of the time where you just
walk in and go thought that that that
that that that that that that it just
makes the the combat sort of tedious you
know the idea is that you in the game
you both get stronger but you get
stronger at variable rates we have not
really gotten stronger not much at least
and the game has gotten stronger it it's
like relatively linear rate we find
ourselves all of a sudden under that
asymptote George is getting upset
we will persevere I'm still not
convinced the value of mr. mee by the
way you can probably guess from my use
of it so far not my favorite item in the
game I kind of see it like the coupon
like situationally it's got some
potential gravitas but in a kind of an
average situation it doesn't always you
know South Beach bringing the heat like
Miami so the thing is stealing items
it's to say it's almost like a
weaponized version of the coupon
stealing items sounds sweet and if
you're low on HP is sweet but in most
situations actually just doesn't matter
we can't get make boss rush so who cares
and and I say that it doesn't matter
because it usually doesn't usually you
have enough HP to justify the deals with
the devil anyway another space bar item
might be more valuable or you have may
both of these unfortunately are not
useful for us because they're actives we
could take blank card yarra and that
would be good on the chest but we'd miss
out on stealing to deal with the devil
items and experiencing kind of the new
items here but maybe that's for the best
give me a blank card Thoros we live to
get ierra and then we make this happen I
think it's a sensible
telling you just a damage up great
that's it it doesn't even have to be a
good damage I've just give me a syringe
at this point that's like almost
tangentially what I wanted but not quite
one thing's for certain though they
basically cannot keep holding out on me
if you get non-stop deals with the devil
as long as you survive there is like
something good this way Thomas what is
that crazy something will eventually
happen you'll get over that
three-point-five Damon chomp one way or
the other
notice I said get over I didn't want to
give the game the cosmic punishment
ability of me saying like oh that damage
will change and then all of a sudden we
pick up like curse of the blind soymilk
and you know our damage all all of a
sudden becomes like 0.73 or something
the Cuba meet is doing work I used to
think that take this and then Oh classic
and Al mistake I used to think okay
let's just throw whatever we have at the
wall here and see what sticks we still
do need to be Joel so we'll probably
just do that and hopefully maybe we'll
get the the void portal out of it but I
used to say like hey don't do as I do
here
don't use your orbital so much it's it's
bad practice I think in the modern Isaac
world it's actually completely okay
practice learn how to use your orbitals
the reason being approximately half the
time you're not gonna get a damage
upgrade anyway so any alternative
sources of damage you can practice with
no matter how risky dude it would
behoove you to get some experience in
that regard that's why I took sister
Maggie like half because I was mad that
I didn't take the negative and and half
because even sister Maggie is worth
something here this is also gonna be our
last deal with the devil so you know I
said if we keep getting deals with the
devil we're gonna be fine well it turns
out we're gonna stop getting deals to
the devil so it may not be fine I will
not fight hush but I will try to go down
to Sheol there's always a chance that
after Sheol will get the void portal and
then at least that justifies it to some
extent we like really don't care about
HP but we don't care much about each
and think about it if you had mr. mee
you could have gotten a free sister
Maggie there Wow all right only mildly
perturbed by that turn of events
rotten baby you really got an aggro here
agro like your first name is Carly and
you work for sport net Pacific no see
Carly aggro is a Canadian sports
newscaster okay good stuff copies caller
could be worth something so we're gonna
go to Scholl if we play our cards right
we might also be able to get a self
sacrifice room and if we have to we can
use the self sacrifice room to get to
the lamb but we're in like full daily
scum mode at this point we have not used
blank card Yara at all we should
definitely use blank card Yara ideal
circumstance a spirit heart or demon
heart pays out and then we can use blank
card Yara to finish this HP level off
here but dude do I have to tell you
again I think at some point I might get
a reputation for being a little bit
complaining and maybe I have become a
little bit complaining I played a lot of
this game so I think wouldn't things
when I get a semi bad dice roll it's you
know plausible that I'm a little bit
more of a baby about it than I was when
I was more ignorant however we have no
damage we have three point five damage
on Sheol
screw it that's a little on the
difficult side of course now okay now we
have 5.19 damage on show amazing I don't
know why I'm doing like an old Owen
Wilson voice Gigi types coming after me
there's no a better one there I mean the
Royal Tenenbaums no wait wait that's so
you just getting weird now
it's like Owen Wilson playing
Littlefinger I'm sorry for all the Game
of Thrones references that one just sort
of came out my director is into Michael
Bay it's an Anderson oh I am dumb that
was me being dumb so prepare for these
lives to probably start to end I think
we've done a pretty good job not having
them in advance at this moment the dirty
secret here is that I really don't want
there to be a self-sacrifice circle
where did that bomb go
I would much rather like be given a
convenient excuse to be free of this run
right now but
we're not in that situation so hey
rotten baby would you like a range
upgrade or something like just looking
for like basically any way conceivable
to get some damage done to you and have
you help out and doing damage to the
enemies thank you so I think we're
basically even right now you know we've
gotten a modest tiers downgrade and a
modest damage upgrade what is he
complaining about not to mention one
third as much health as we had to start
the game with just a pretty basic run
for all intents and purposes I don't
like Charms hooves here it's not one of
my things we did manage to win though
which is let's be straight up kind of
incredible it's actually the run of
which like I've played the best recently
and that's scary that's a scary thought
cuz it doesn't feel like one of the runs
on which I played the best Lovelace so
here's here's how you get out of this
situation you double that then we go
look for battery charges battery charges
hello yes Mr Bond it's a pleasure to
finally meet you my name is battery
charges I'm the main henchwoman to the
main villain who would be converted onto
your side by the power of your machismo
before the end of the field
no tinted rocks remember we're just kind
of farming bad - recharges Mr Bond I am
a noble woman I couldn't possibly
acquiesce to your libidinous demands
I am Duchess bad to recharge hey they're
like people watching this video like
he's finally broken game finally broke
him we knew what was gonna happen this
industry chews you up and spits you out
obviously we should have gone back a
little earlier but we're looking for a
self-sacrifice that's more of a pee-wee
Herman that was attempted to be an Owen
Wilson at least I didn't just go
I'll walk into the fire it doesn't
matter though like yes Joker Joker me
why not so what do you do you try
something along these lines it it worked
ish
by the way if you're watching this and
you're saying I know he's gonna
accidentally end his own life on this
run not gonna happen
as soon as I get down to one life I'm
going through that chest I'm trying to
give the game the benefit of the dirt
right now it lost the benefit of the
doubt ages ago but for now it's getting
the benefit of the dirt
the fellowship of the dirt
that's it that's the floor so the very
last thing we'll do is go check the
curse room I can't imagine unless the
curse room somehow allows us to teleport
to the air room can't imagine we're
gonna be too happy with how this goes
there we go
I'm gonna be honest with you I gave it
my all I know that we did pick up the
wrong item after the mom fight but I
seriously like I left it all on the
table this time we didn't get what we
were looking for we're out at least we
unlocked something what do you get as
Isaac darkroom mom's knife that's a good
one well worth it and a new challenge
for now thanks for watching it because
I've enjoyed the episode of you then
click the like button that's not a great
deal and of course subscribe you want to
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time